speak now to Al jaer Zan basravi who is
in ramala in the occupied West Bank um
so we mentioned at the top there Zay the
death of our colleague uh anassa
sharif's 65-year-old father it's just
another reminder of the human toll that
this war has taken on journalists and
their
families that's correct El jazer is no
stranger to losing people where I'm
coming to you live from now our office
is here we're the offices where Shireen
Abu akle our Al jazer Arabic colleague a
journalist a giant in her field she used
to work here she was killed by an
Israeli bullet last year so far in Gaza
at least 80 media workers 80 people
working for media organizations have
been killed throughout the course of
this war 78 of them journalists 10 of
them women now in terms of our reporters
and colleagues who've been facing
trouble it's been happening across the
occupied territories Gaza in particular
is a definitely a very very very
difficult place to operate for anyone
here in the occupied West Bank we had a
cameraman who was uh taken out of his
car and beaten up by settlers on his way
to work but it is in Gaza where our
journalists have faced some of the
biggest challenges uh they've lost
family members in the dozens it really
boggles the Mind I'd like to go through
a list of the people that have been
working under incredibly difficult
conditions so far in Gaza while dhu the
bureau chief the aler Arabic bureau
chief in Gaza buried his entire family
saved one daughter and was back to work
almost immediately Muhammad Abu Al
kumsan a broadcast engineer a satellite
engineer without these guys we would be
as good as radio uh he lost uh 19
members of his family uh during the War
uh m al sharafi a correspondent for Al
jaer Arabic lost 22 members of his
family and safat Al khut our producer in
Gaza for Al jazer English uh lost his
niece the the daughter of his cousin and
of course anas Al Sharif tragically
today lost his father in this Israeli
attack now many of the journalists on
the ground have been receiving threats
well ahead of these kinds of attacks um
whether it's a pattern or not the
indiscriminate targeting of Civilian
areas means that journalists are coming
under these kinds of attacks as well
those of them that are on the ground
unna said after the attack that killed
his father he tried to get back to his
family home the rubble the roads the
ongoing bombard the danger there was
simply too much he wasn't able to make
it and if you've been watching our
reporting our eler English correspondent
yumel sayed's very personal accounts
very harrowing accounts she's been in
the middle of these strikes with her has
been her family so these are very very
personal conditions those of our
journalists as well as journalists
working for really any media
organization reporting from Gaza right
now they are reporting things like the
the the area is running out of water or
running out of electricity or running
out of food food they are going through
the stories they are telling when they
talk about not having enough food and
water for the people there they are
among those people these are stories
that they are telling they are in every
sense of the term very much living those
stories it is very personal and we have
to remember that since Israel is blocked
off all of the crossings into Gaza Egypt
has not been able to have an open
Crossing between uh Egypt and Gaza we're
unable to get them more support we're
unable to send Manpower unable to send
supplies or relief of any kind so the
reporting teams that are on the ground
now ours and others are working under
tremendously difficult circumstances and
very much living the story they're
telling zann thank you Zan Basi life in
ramal